#Alessandro "Sasha" Dimichino
email: alessandro@dimichino.com

About me
------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------

Significant experience in the development and implementation of complex
solutions covering commercial, technological, service and procurement
issues within important international Companies.

-   Within the Telecommunication business in Siemens Group, first as a
    technical-commercial specialist and, lastly, covering managerial and
    executive functions as Director of Proposal and of Service Sales
    departments. Having a worldwide responsibility, most negotiations
    and activities occurred abroad, in particular in EMEA, APAC and
    MERCOSUR countries.

-   Within the Oil&Gas - Power generation business in ABB and in
    Sofinter Group first in the Procurement and, lastly, leading the
    Sales and Procurement Department in Europower.

Management of international contracts, risk analysis, contract
negotiation, commercial management of complex projects are the profile's
key strengths. Proven track record on public tenders according to European Regulation and Italian laws.

Obtained the executive master's degree in Project Management in early
2013.

Professional Experience
------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------

2009 – present
**Sofinter SpA group, Gallarate (VA), Italy.** *With more than 500
headcounts it is a leader in the international energy market, providing
plants and parts for the production of steam for industrial use (under
Macchi brand) and for the production of power (***AC Boilers SpA**
*designs, manufactures and erects critical and supercritical utility
boilers), for waste and water treatment (under SWS brand) and in the
management of industrial plants (***Europower SpA** *provides EPC
services, operation and global maintenance of industrial power, thermal
waste to energy and biomass plants).*

**International Sales and Procurement Director** inside Europower SpA.
Reported to CEO. Award of numerous public and private EPC and O&M contracts.

**Responsible for purchasing activities** of Auxiliary Equipment inside
AC Boilers SpA (former Ansaldo Caldaie SpA). Reported to Procurement
Director.

2008 - 2009
**ABB SpA, Sesto San Giovanni (MI), Italy.** *ABB is a leader in power
and automation technologies. Center of excellence (Headquarter) of
worldwide EPC projects inside Oil&Gas division, 10 000 headcounts.*

**Responsible for purchasing activities** of Static Equipment (tanks,
vessels, filters) and for the definition of service and aftermarket
contracts with main suppliers. Reported to Supply Chain and Procurement
Director (vice president).

**Green power consultant Freelance.**

**Nokia Siemens Networks.** *Telecommunications solutions supplier
resulting from the merger between Siemens Communications division and
Nokia Network Business Group in April 2007, 60 000 headcounts.*

2007 - 2008
**Responsible for costing and pricing guide lines** inside Network
Implementation Business Unit (Headquarter Service). Reported to the Head
of Network Implementation Product Management. Leader of a
multidisciplinary team of 12 people from different countries and
divisions of the Company.

1997 - 2007
**Siemens COM group.** *The largest division of Siemens,
telecommunication industry, 40 000 headcounts.*

**Head of Service Sales** inside Microwave Radio Business Unit
(Headquarter). Director of Microwave Service Sales and Spare Log
department. Reported to the Head of Service (vice president) of the
Business Unit and led a team of 9 people located in Milan.

acted also as permanent member of the merger team nominated by Nokia and
Siemens with the scope of process harmonization for day-one readiness.
Defined processes and roles relevant to Service. One of forty people (20
Siemens and 20 Nokia).

**Head of Microwave Proposal Manager** department (Headquarter).
Worldwide responsibility of technical and commercial bid preparation of
Microwave and transmission tenders. Reported to the Head of Customer
Solution Center (vice president). Directed a team of 14 people.

**Senior Proposal Manager Turn Key Project.** Worldwide technical and
commercial proposal development of telecommunications systems for fixed
and mobile operators.

**Microwave Infrastructure Specialist.** Specialization in
infrastructure and civil works relevant to transmission technology
(fiber optic and Microwave).

1996 - 1997
**Esselte group, Milan, Italy.** *It is a holding company headquartered
in Stamford (USA) specialized in office products.*

**Factory Director Assistant**

1995 - 1996
**Military service, Granatieri di Sardegna, Orvieto, Italy.**

Education, Professional Qualification and Membership
------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------
2012
**IPMA** (International Project Management Association) certification

Nov 2011 -- March 2013
**Executive Master in Project Management** (2nd level University Master
degree, executive - 16 months part time) **MIP (Politecnico di Milano -
Graduate School of Business).** Project Work about bidding strategies to
adopt in Public Tender assigned with the competitive dialogue procedure.

2008
**Waste to Energy specialization course Comitato Termoelettrico Italiano
(CTI)**

1997 - 2007
**Assessment and Courses sponsored by Siemens Corporate:**

-   SIEMENS Corporate Management Learning S4 (part time - 16 months)

-   SIEMENS Corporate Assessment and High Potential recognition

-   Team building, Conflict management, Marketing, Strategic Selling,
    Pricing, Financial accounting and decision making.

1995
**Member of the Association of Professional Engineers of Milan, Italy.**

**Master degree in Mechanical Engineering Politecnico di Milano.**
Thesis about mechanical behavior of spherical vessels subject to
internal detonation.

1987
**Scientific High School Diploma Liceo Scientifico Machiavelli, Segrate
(Milan), Italy.**

Computer Knowledge
------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------
-   UNIX, OS X, Windows

-   LaTex and most diffused Office packages

-   Data mining tools and techniques (through python, java and R
    packages)

Language Knowledge
------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------
-  Italian   native

-  English   fluent

-  Russian   working knowledge

-------------------------------
-------------------------------
